---
date: 2019-08-19
corrected: 2019-08-20
---

## X.Repeat FA_12. A Piece of Cake (Act3)

出场人物：

- R: Richard Stewart
- M: Marilyn Stewart
- J: Jack Davis
- S: Staff

M: Grandpa, Ellen, Phillip, Robbie, you and me, that's six steaks.

R: Don't forget Susan.

M: Seven steaks.

M: Cook dinner for the entire family is not so easy.

M: The shopping: salad, tomatoes, lettuce, cucumbers, and onions.

> The shopping: **the** salad, tomatoes, lettuce, cucumbers, and onions.

M: Main course: steak, and potatoes.

> **The** main course: steak, and potatoes.

M: Richard, how much broccoli do I need for seven people?

R: Marilyn, I have to tell you something.

M: Emm?

R: At today's exercise class.

M: Yes, Richard?

R: Emm, well, emm, I didn't really exercise.

M: I knew it.

R: I wanted to, but Jack Davis need a photographer.

> but Jack Davis **~~need~~ needed** a photographer.

R: Hhh, I'm sorry, Marilyn.

M: I don't understand, did you exercise or not?

R: No, instead of exercise, I photograph a class.

> No, instead of **~~exercise~~ exercising**, I photograph **~~a~~ the** class.

M: And you didn't exercise?

R: ...No.

M: There's another advanced class, today at four o'clock, we'll go together.

R: What about the bet?

M: Oh, the bet is still on.

M: But, you shop for the groceries.

M: Remember, you win, and I cook dinner for the entire family.

R: You win, and I cook dinner for the...entire family.

M: Including Susan.

M: Four o'clock, at the advanced exercise class, with me.

R: Hhh.

M: Hmm, hmm, hmm.

(Aerobics class)

J: OK, don't forget to breathe.

S: Skip, hop, front.

S: Twist...again...OK now, scissors.

R: This is fun. It's a piece of cake.

M: Yeah, just wait.

S: 5, 6, 7, go right, 1, 2, back.

S: 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, pony, pony.

S: 1, 2, 3, kick, 1, 2, 3, kick, pony.

S: And twist, twist.

J: OK. Let's pick up the pace.

M: How are you doing, Richard?

R: I can barely move.

S: 2, 3, 4, front.

S: Now, we're going to run it off.

S: Run, knees uo, knees up.

> **~~Run** Front ...knees **~~uo~~ up**, knees up.

J: OK. Finish off by jogging in place.

J: OK, keep those knees uo.

> OK, keep those knees **~~uo~~ up**.

J: All right, that's it today.

> All right, that's it **for** today.

J: Thank you, everyone, see you next week.

R: Thank you, Java. But no thank you.

> Thank you, **~~Java~~ Jack**. But no thank you.

M: The advanced exercise class is not so easy, huh?

R: No, no, you were right, I was wrong.

M: Come on, Richard. Get up. Let's go.

M: You have to cook dinner for the entire family.

R: Oh, I am exhausted, I can't move.

> **Marilyn**, I am exhausted, I can't move.

M: Oh, you'll do it, it's a piece of cake.

J: Excuse me, Richard, Marilyn.

R: You're a terrific instructor, Jack.

J: Thanks, but I have a question.

J: Is this you very first advanced aerobics class?

R: Hhh, oh, yes, it is.

J: Oh, you're in great shape, Richard.

J: Very few people last in this class for the full hour the very first time.

M: It's true. You're in great shape.

R: Thanks.

M: I think we'll cook dinner together.

R: Hhh. Mua!
