---
date: 2019-08-23
corrected: 2019-08-23
---

## X.Repeat FA_13. The Right Magic (Act1) Again

出场人物：

- M: Malcolm Stewart
- P: Phillip Stewart
- R: Robbie Stewart

R: Hi, Grandpa!

M: Hi, Robbie!

R: Can I help you?

M: Yes. Indeed.

M: Hand me two eggs from the refrigerator, and I'll make you two fried eggs.

R: How about some bacon?

M: Oh, I made enough for an army.

M: You going to the baseball game today?

M: It's a prefect day for it, a little cloudy but nice and warm.

R: Dad and I were planning to go to the game, but he has to work today.

R: And my friends don't want to go.

R: It's not an important game anyway.

M: Do you have any other plans for the day?

R: Oh, I'll work on my computer.

R: I've a new math program and I want to learn how to use it.

M: Maybe you can teach me how to work on a computer someday.

R: Anytime. It's really easy, but, like anything, you need work at it, Grandpa.

R: This bacon is great. I love crispy bacon.

M: Oh, what are you doing tomorrow?

R: Nothing much.

M: **~~Oh~~ Well**, maybe your Dad and I could take you fishing with us.

R: I'd like that, but...

M: But, what?

R: But Dad is always so busy.

M: Well, can you come fishing with me tomorrow?

R: Sure I can.

M: Robbie says you can't take him to the game today.

P: I really feel bad about it. But they need me at the hospital, in the children's ward.

M: I understand.

P: Maybe we can spend some time together next weekend.

M: Definitely, we should.

M: You and Robbie and me.

M: Remember our first fishing trip?

P: I sure do.

P: Well, I've got to run, Dad.

P: See you later.

P: Going fishing?

M: I'm thinking about it.

M: So, how's work?

P: Oh, the usual problems.

M: You're working pretty hard these days.

P: I guess I am.

M: When did you last go fishing with Robbie?

P: I remember exactly.

P: It was on his birthday, June 2nd, two years ago.

P: We didn't catch anything.

M: Remember our fishing trips?

P: Yes. I loved them.

M: Remember catching your first fish?

P: How can I forget? I fell out of the boat.

P: We had some good times together.

M: Yes, we did. Maybe we should do it again.

P: How about tomorrow?

M: Don't you have to work?

P: My paper work will wait.

M: Oh, Robbie will be thrilled.

M: I am, too, son.

P: I want to spend more time with Robbie.

M: Tomorrow. It'll be like old times for you and me, and Robbie will love it.

P: Well, what's the weather going to be like?

M: Radio says, sunny and mild.

P: Well, I'll tell Robbie.

P: And thanks, Dad.

M: Don't thank me, I'm just being a grandfather.
