# Number Theory

## counting factors and calculating GCF & LCM

For a single number, using prime factorization, you can count factors by add 1 to each exponent and multiply.

For more than one number, using prime factorization, you can get the LCM by multiply the factors with the biggest exponent, or get the GCF by multiply the factors with the smallest exponent.

## divisibility rules

- \# by 2, if its last digit is 0, 2, 4, 6, or 8.
- \# by 3, if the sum of its digits is divisible by 3.
- \# by 4, if its last two digits is divisible by 4.
- \# by 5, if its last digit is 0 or 5.
- \# by 6, if the number is divisible by both 2 and 3.
- \# by 7, a little complicated. Double the last digit and remove it from the number, subtract the doubled result from the remaining number and check is it divisible by 7, if the number is still too big, then repeat the process.
- \# by 8, if its last three digits is divisible by 8.
- \# by 9, if the sum of its digits is divisible by 9.
- \# by 10, if its last digit is 0.

## set notation

### set definition

Use capital letters as the name of set. List all of elements inside enclose curly braces '{}'. The ellipsis '...' means the set goes on forever in the same pattern.

```
Whole Numbers(W) = {0, 1, 2, 3, ...}
Natural Numbers(N) = {1, 2, 3, 4, ...}
Integers = {..., -3, -2, -1, 0, 1, 2, 3, ...}
```

### set definition description

Describe a set use the format below.

```
A = {x / x is all whole numbers smaller than 10}
// A = {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9}
```

### elements

A set is consisted by its elements.

Use ∈ to indicates a element is contained by a set.

```
A = {1, 2, 3}
1 ∈ A
2 ∈ A
3 ∈ A
4 ∉ A
```

### subset and proper subset

If all elements of set B is contained by set A, then we say the set B is a subset of set A.

```
A = {1, 2, 3, 4}
B = {1, 2, 3}
Then B ⊆ A, or A ⊇ B
```

Note that all elements of the set B in the example above is also contained by the set A, and A still contains element that B doesn't
have, so we say B is a proper subset of A.

```
B ⊂ A or A ⊃ B
```

Or you can describe the opposite relationships like this.

```
A ⊈ B or B ⊉ A (A is not a subset of B)
A ⊄ B or B ⊅ A (A is not a proper subset of B)
```

### empty set

Use the symbol ∅ or {} to indicates empty set. Empty set is a subset of any other sets.

### union of sets

Union set A and set B means putting all elements of both set A and B together as a new set, as shown below.

```
A = {1, 2, 3}
B = {3, 4, 5}
A ∪ B = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5}
```

### intersection of sets

The intersection of set A and set B is all elements that both in A and B at the same time.

```
A = {1, 2, 3, 4}
B = {3, 4, 5, 6}
A ∩ B = {3, 4}
```

### complement of sets

The complement of a set A means all elements outside A but inside the universal set U. We draw a rectangle as the universal set U, and circles to indicate other sets.

```
A = {1, 2, 3, 4}
U = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6}
A^c or complement of A = {5, 6}
```

### difference of sets

The difference of the set A from set B, write as `A - B`, means the set of all elements that in A but not in B.

```
A = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6}
B = {1, 2, 3, 4}
A - B = {5, 6}
```

## fractions

The up part of a fraction is called numerator. The down part of a fraction is called denominator.

### improper fractions

Fractions that numerator is greater than denominator.

### proper fractions

Normal fractions, that is which numerator is less than its denominator.

### mixed numbers

Combination of a whole number and a fraction.

Multiplication and division of mix numbers, first convert the mix number into improper fraction, and then do the multiplication or division.

## decimals

### place values

Start after the decimal point.

- tenths
- hundredths
- thousandths

Eg. 0.12345 should read as `"zero and twelve thousand three hundred forty-five hundred-thousandths"`.

Supplement: read as above just because it is considered as a mixed number, but we most time read just as a normal number, for instance the 13.856 normally read as `"thirteen point eight five six"`.

## percentage

A fraction which denominator is 100. Use symbol `"%"` to indicates a percentage.
