---
date: 2019-07-08
---

# X.Repeat FA_01. 46 Linden Street (Act 1)

- R: Richard Stewart
- M: Martha Vann
- G: Gerald Vann
- A: Alexandra Pappas

R: Excuse me. My name is Richard Stewart. I'm a photographer. May I take a picture of you and your little boy?

M: What's it for?

R: For a book.

M: You're writing a book?

R: It's a book of pictures. I call it Family Album U.S.A.

M: Oh, that's a nice idea. Well, it's fine if you take our pictures. I'm Martha Vann.

R: Thank you. I appreciate your help.

R: I'm Richard. What's your name?

G: Gerald.

R: How old are you, Gerald?

G: Five.

R: Where did you live?

M: We live in California.

R: Well, welcome to New York.

R: Ok, just a second. I'm almost ready here.

A: Can I help you?

R: Oh, please.

R: Hold Gerald's hand, please.

R: Great.

R: Now point to the buildings.

R: Terrific!

R: Give Mommy a kiss, Gerald.

R: Nice.

R: Thank you Gerald. And thank you Mrs Vann.

M: Oh, it's my pleasure. We'll be looking for your book.

R: Thanks. Good-bye! Bye, Gerald!

R: Thanks again.

A: You're welcome.

R: Hey, let me take your picture.

A: Wonderful, please.

R: Are you from New York?

A: No, I'm from Greece. I'm a exchange student.

R: When did you come there?

A: Three months ago.

R: Your English is very good.

A: Thanks. I studied English in school.

R: Would you like some coffee?

A: No, thank you.

A: Tell me about your book.

R: Oh, it's not finished yet. But I have some of pictures. Would you like to see them?

A: Yes. I'd like that.

R: Here they are. Family Album U.S.A.

R: It's an album of pictures of the United State: the cities, the special places, and the people.

R: These pictures are people working: steelworkers, bankers, police, street vendors, ambulance drivers, doctors...This is my father. He's a doctor. This is my mather.

A: What's her name?

R: Ellen.

R: My younger brother Robbie. He goes to hight school.

R: This is my sister Susan. She works for a toy company.

R: Here's my grandfather. He lives in Florida.

R: And this is my wife Marilyn.

A: Oh, she is very pretty.

R: Thanks. And what about your family?

A: They are in Thessaloniki. That's a large city in northern Greece.

A: But now I'm living in Bronx.

R: With a Greek-American family?

A: No, hispanic.

R: Oh no, it's five thirty. Will you excuse me, I have to meet my wife.

R: It was nice meeting you.

R: Oh, it was pleasure meeting you, too! Thanks for your help. Good luck!

R: I've got to go. By the way, I'm Richard. What's your name?

A: Alexandra.

R: Bye-bye, Alexandra. Thanks!

A: Bye-bye!

A: Richard, Richard. You left your bag.
