---
date: 2019-07-10
corrected: 2019-07-10
---

## X.Repeat FA_01. 46 Linden Street (Act 1) Again Again

- R: Richard Stewart
- M: Martha Vann
- G: Gerald Vann
- A: Alexandra Pappas

R: Excuse me, my name is Richard Stewart. I'm a photographer. May I take a picture of you and your little boy?

M: What's it for?

R: It's for a book.

M: You're writing a book?

R: It's a book of pictures. I call it Family Album U.S.A.

M: That's a nice idea. Well, it's fine if you take our picture. I'm Martha Vann.

R: Thank you. I appreciate your help.

R: I'm Richard. What's your name?

G: Gerald.

R: How old are you, Gerald?

G: Five.

R: And where do you live?

M: We live in California.

R: Well, welcome to New York.

R: Ok, just a second. I'm almost ready here.

A: Can I help you?

R: Oh, please.

R: Hold Gerald's hand, please.

R: Great.

R: Now point to the buildings.

R: Terrific!

R: Give Mommy a kiss, Gerald.

R: Nice.

R: Thank you Gerald. And thank you Mrs. Vann.

M: Oh, my pleasure. We'll be looking for your book.

R: Thank you. Good-bye! Bye, Gerald.

R: Thanks again.

A: You're welcome.

R: Hey, let me take your picture.

A: Wonderful, please.

R: Are your from New York?

A: No, I'm from Greece. I'm an exchange student.

R: When did you come here?

A: Three months ago.

R: Your English is very good.

A: Thanks. I studied English in school.

R: Would you like some coffee?

A: No, thank you. Tell me about your book.

R: It's not finished yet. But I have some of the pictures.

R: Would you like to see them?

A: Yes, I'd like that.

R: Here they are. Family Album U.S.A.

R: It's an album of pictures of the United States: the cities, the special places, and the people.

R: And these are pictures of people working: steelworkers, bankers, police, street vendor, ambulance drivers, doctors.

R: This is my father. He's a doctor.

R: This is my mother.

A: What's her name?

R: Ellen.

R: My younger brother, Robbie. He goes to high school.

R: This is my sister, Susan. She works for a toy company.

R: Here's my grandfather. He lives in Florida.

R: This is my wife Marilyn.

A: Oh, she is very pretty.

R: Thanks. And what about your family?

A: They are in Thessaloniki. That's a large city in northern Greece. But now, I'm living in the Bronx.

R: With a Greek-American family?

A: No. Hispanic.

R: Oh, no. It's five thirty. Will you excuse me, I have to meet my wife.

A: It was nice meeting you.

R: Oh, it was a pleasure meeting you, too!

R: Thanks for your help. And good luck!

R: I've got to go. By the way, I'm Richard. What's your name?

A: Alexandra.

R: Bye-bye, Alexandra. Thanks!

A: Bye-bye.

A: Richard, Richard! You left your bag!
