---
date: 2019-07-11
corrected:
---

## X.Repeat FA_02. 46 Linden Street (Act 2)

- R: Richard Stewart
- M: Marilyn Stewart
- A: Alexandra Pappas
- O: Officer
- C: Customer

A: Excuse me, officer. Can you help me?

O: Sure.

A: Can you tell me how to get to the Linden Street, in Riverdale?

O: Richard Stewart, 46 Linden Street, Riverdale, New York. You should take the number one subway.

A: Is there a station near here?

O: Yes, that's a station that way. You should take the number one train to Van Cortlandt Park.

A: Number one train to Van Cortlandt Park. Thank you.

O: Anytime. Good luck. Remember, the number one train, the uptown platform.

A: Thank you.

O: You're welcome.

C: Is this pink too bright on me?

M: Emm-hmm, it's a very bright pink.

M: Try this, it's size eight.

C: But I wear size ten.

M: How about green? It's size ten.

C: Let me try it on.

C: I'm taking too much of your time.

M: It's six o'clock. Where is my husband? I was expecting hem here at five forty-five.

C: Don't worry. The traffic is very heavy at this hour.

M: I know. But we'll going to be late for dinner.

C: I'll take the green sweater. I like the color on me, don't you?

M: Yes, I think it looks terrific on you.

R: I'm sorry I'm so late. I had a really bad day.

M: It's ten after six. We are late. Robbie's cooking tonight, and dinner's at six thirty.

R: I know, I know. I'm really sorry. I left my bag of film on the ferry. I went back for it, but the ferry was gone. I lost my whole day's work.

M: I'll call the Staten Island Ferry lost-and-found office.

R: I didn't think of it. Thanks.

M: Hello. Yes. The number please, of the Staten Island Ferry lost-and-found office...Five five five, zero eight zero eight. Thank you.

R: I really appreciate it, Marilyn.

M: Hello, did anyone find a camera bag this afternoon, a small canvas bag, on the J.F. Kennedy Ferry?...No? Maybe someone will find it. The name is Stewart, Richard Stewart. And the telephone number is five five five, three oh nine oh. Thank you.

M: Sorry, Richard. They don't have it.

R: Thanks, anyway.

R: There was a girl on the ferry. Now maybe...

M: Tell me about it on the way home.
