---
date: 2019-07-14
corrected:
---

## X.Repeat FA_03. 46 Linden Street (Act 3)

出场人物：

- P: Phillip Stewart
- E: Ellen Stewart
- R: Richard Stewart
- M: Marilyn Stewart
- S: Susan Stewart
- Ro: Robbie Stewart
- A: Alexandra Pappas

H: And give her a teaspoon of the medicine after every meal.

H: Don't worry. She'll be fine.

H: You're welcome. Good-bye!

E: How are you?

H: I'm tried and hungry.

E: Well, Marilyn and Richard called.

E: They'll be here soon. And then we'll eat.

H: All right. Is...is Susan come?

E: She'll be here later. She has to work late tonight.

H: And what's Robbie cooking for dinner?

E: It's a surprise.

H: I hope it's pasta.

H: Robbie, the dinner was terrific!

S: It was delicious!

M: What's for dessert?

RO: Oh, I forgot the dessert.

E: Don't worry, we got a lots of ice cream.

R: I'd love some ice cream.

E: Here's some chocolate and coffee and a little vanilla.

RO: I'll have the vanilla. Is that all right with everyone?

H: I'll have the chocolate.

M: Me, too.

R: Emm...One scoop of coffee and one scoop of chocolate, for me.

E: Robbie, would you help me serve?

R: I keep thinking about that bag of film.

R: Eight rolls. A whole day's work. And good stuff, too.

E: Don't worry. Someone will find it.

RO: I'll get it.

RO: Hello.

A: Hello. Does Richard Stewart live here?

RO: Yes. He's my brother. I'm Robbie, Robbie Stewart.

A: I'm Alexandra Papas. How do you do.

A: Your brother left his bag of film on the ferryboat. I found it.

RO: I'm really glad to see you...I mean my brother will be really glad to see you.

E: Robbie, who is it?

RO: It's Richard's film. I mean, Alexandra Pappas.

RO: Come in, please.

R: Alexandra!

A: Hello, Richard. I found your bag.

R: Oh, thank you! Thank you!

R: Emm...Alexandra, let me introduce you, this is my wife Marilyn.

A: Richard showed me your photo. How do you do.

M: Oh, yes. Richard told us all about you. It's nice to meet you.

R: And this is my mother Ellen Stewart.

A: How do you do.

R: And my father Dr. Phillip Stewart.

P: Nice to meet you, Alexandra.

R: And you met Robbie.

A: Yes. And you must be Susan?

S: Hi, welcome.

A: Hi.

R: I'm so glad you found the bag and take your time with trouble to return it.

A: Oh, it was no trouble.

A: I just took the wrong train.

E: Would you like something to eat?

A: Thank you, no. I'm late for dinner at my house. I really have to go.

R: Oh, Would you like to call home?

A: I'd appreciate that.

E: Please, use the phone!

A: Thanks. Excuse me.

R: Alexandra is a hight school exchange student from Greece.

RO: Where does she live?

R: With a family in the Bronx.

RO: Oh, that's not too far from here.

R: Take it easy, Robbie.

A: Thank you. I can only stay for a few minutes.

E: Have some iced tea, please.

A: Thank you, Mrs. Stewart.

RO: Please sit down. Alexandra.

P: So you're an exchange student. Where do you go to school?

A: At the Bronx high school of science.

P: Oh, that's a very good school.

P: What are your favorite subjects?

A: Biology, and mathematics. Richard tells me you're a doctor.

P: Yes. A pediatrician. And what does your father do?

A: He's a lawyer, in the Thessaloniki.

RO: Would you like some pasta. I made it myself.

RO: It might be a little cold.

A: Thanks, no. I do have to go.

A: It was nice meeting you all.

M: Well. Maybe you'll come for lunch some Sunday so we can really thank you for bringing Richard's bag back.

A: Maybe.

E: You're welcome. Anytime.

P: Good-bye!

R: Can I drive you home?

A: No, thanks. The train is just up the street. It won't take me long at all.

R: You really saved the day for me. Alexandra.

A: Bye!

R: Bye-bye!

M: Good night!

P: She is a smart young lady, and very nice.

RO: Very! Hey, she forgot her bag!

E: I guess we'll be seeing Alexandra again. Right, Robbie?
