---
date: 2019-07-16
corrected: 2019-07-16
---

## X.Repeat FA_04. The Blind Date (Act1)

出场人物：

- H: Harry Bennett
- S: Susan Stewart
- M: Marilyn Stewart
- SV: The Street Vendor
- O: The Old Lady

H: Excuse me, can you help me?

SV: Sure. What do you want?

H: Where is 83 Wooster Street?

SV: That's easy.

SV: Walk to the corner, and then make a left turn. Then walk two blocks to the traffic light, make another left to Wooster.

> Walk to the corner, **~~and~~** then make a left turn.

H: Thank you. To the corner, and then a left?

SV: Yes, a left. Hot Dog? Only seventy-five cents.

> **Yeah,** a left. Hot Dog? Only seventy-five cents.

H: No, thanks. I have a dinner date.

> No, **~~thanks~~ thank you.** I have a dinner date.

H: Five five five, nine four seven oh. And it's busy.

H: Try again.

H: Five five five, nine four seven oh. And it's still busy.

H: Excuse me, ma'am. I'm looking for 83 Wooster Street.

O: Yes. Wooster Street is two blocks, and the 83 is to the right. About two houses.

H: Thank you, thank you!

O: You're welcome.

S: Who is it?

H: Harry Bennett. Is this Susan?

S: Yes, it is. Come up. I'm on the top floor.

S: Hello, Harry. It's nice to meet you.

H: Nice to meet you, Susan.

H: Sorry, I'm late. The traffic, the parking, I was lost.

S: What pretty flowers, thank you. Oh, please come in.

S: Don't worry about being late, it's fine.

S: Excuse the mess. I just moved here.

S: Oh, I'd like you to meet my sister-in-law Marilyn.

S: Marilyn Stewart, this is Harry Bennett.

H: Pleased to meet you.

M: Nice to meet you, Harry.

H: Are we too late for our dinner reservation?

S: No. The restaurant will hold our table. I know the owner very well. I eat there a lot.

H: Do you know the phone number of the restaurant? I'd like to call home and leave the number with baby-sitter.

> I'd like to call home and leave the number with **the** baby-sitter.

S: Sure. The number is five five five, seventeen twenty.

H: May I use the phone?

H: Five five five, one seven two oh?

H: Hello. Hi, Michelle. It's Daddy. Can I speak to Betty? I want to leave the phone number, of the restaurant.

H: Hi, Betty. I'll be at five five five, seventeen twenty.

H: Ok, thanks. See you later.

H: Well, that's done. Shall we go?

S: I'm ready. See you later, Marilyn.

M: Have a nice evening.

H: Bye, Marilyn. Hope to see you again.

M: Me too. Have fun!

S: Thanks.

H: After you.
