---
date: 2019-07-17
corrected:
---

## X.Repeat FA_04. The Blind Date (Act1) Again

出场人物：

- H: Harry Bennett
- S: Susan Stewart
- M: Marilyn Stewart
- SV: The Street Vendor
- O: The Old Lady

H: Excuse me. Can you help me?

SO: Sure. What do you want?

H: Where is 83 Wooster Street?

SO: That's easy.

SO: Walk to the corner. Than make a left turn.

SO: Than walk two blocks to the traffic light.

SO: Make another left to Wooster.

H: Thank you. To the corner, and then a left?

SO: Yeah. A left. Hot dog? Only seventy-five cents.

H: No, thanks. I have a dinner date.

H: Five five five, nine four seven oh...and it's busy.

H: Try again...

H: Five five five, nine four seven oh...and it's still busy.

H: Excuse me, ma'am. I'm looking for 83 Wooster Street.

O: Yes. Wooster is two blocks. And the 83 is to the right. About two houses.

H: Oh, thank you! Thank you!

O: You're welcome.

S: Who is it?

H: Harry Bennett. Is this Susan?

S: Yes, it is. Come up. I'm on the top floor.

S: Hello. Harry, it's nice to meet you.

H: Nice to meet you, Susan.

H: Sorry I'm late. The traffic. The parking. I was lost.

S: What pretty flowers. Thank you. Oh, please Come in.

S: Don't worry about being late. It's fine.

S: Excuse the mess. I just moved here.

S: Oh, I'd like you to meet my sister-in-law Marilyn.

S: Marilyn Stewart, this is Harry Bennet.

H: Pleased to meet you.

M: Nice to meet you, Harry.

H: Are we too late for our dinner reservation?

S: No, the restaurant will hold our table. I know the owner very well. I eat there a lot.

H: Do you know the phone number of the restaurant?

H: I'd like to call home and leave the number with the baby-sitter.

S: Sure. The number is five five five, seventeen twenty.

H: May I use the phone?

H: Five five five, one seven two oh?

H: Hello. Hi, Michelle. It's Daddy.

H: Can I speak to Betty? I want to leave the phone number, of the restaurant.

H: Hi, Betty. I'll be at five five five, seventeen twenty.

H: Ok, thanks. See you later.

H: Well, that's done. Shall we go?

S: I'm ready. See you later, Marilyn.

M: Have a nice evening.

H: Bye, Marilyn. Hope to see you again.

M: Me too. Have fun!

S: Thanks!

H: After you.
