---
date: 2019-07-19
corrected:
---

## X.Repeat FA_05. The Blind Date (Act2) Again

出场人物：

- H: Harry Bennett
- S: Susan Stewart
- SO: Somsak

SO: Ah! Miss Stewart! Welcome, how are you?

S: Fine, Somsak. And you?

SO: Fine, thank you.

S: This is my friend Harry Bennett.

H: Pleased to meet you.

SO: Very nice to meet you. Any friend of Miss Stewart's is welcome at Somsak's.

SO: Follow me, please.

H: I like it here.

S: I do too. I come here often.

SO: A special place for special people.

S: Thank you. Somsak.

H: Well, nice restaurant.

SO: Would you like something to drink?

S: Yes. I'd like a glass of ginger ale with ice.

S: Harry, what would you like?

H: Do you have a dry white wine?

SO: How about a California Chablis?

H: Chablis is fine.

SO: What would you like to eat?

S: I'd like the mee krob.

S: Harry, would you like to see the menu?

H: No, it's ok. I'll have the mee krob also.

H: What is it?

S: Crispy fired noodles. I love them.

SO: May I bring you a salad?

S: Oh, yes. What do you recommend today?

SO: I recommend the rose-petal salad. Special for new friends.

S: Rose-petal salad?

H: Why not?

SO: I'll take care of everything.

S: I hope you're hungry.

H: What? Oh, yes. Starving.

S&H: Well, I...

H: What do you do at Universe Toy Company?

S: I'm the vice-president of new toy development.

H: Terrific!

S: I know you're a CPA.

H: That's true. Harry Bennett, certified public accountant.

H: I like numbers.

H: I do some work for Smith and Dale. Your company's accounting firm.

S: And so...

H: Here we are.

S: Yes.

H: I have a daughter.

S: I know. How old is she?

H: She's nine years old.

S: That's a nice age. What's her name?

H: Michelle.

S: Do you have a picture of her?

S: She's very pretty.

H: Thank you.

SO: Rose-petal salad. And there's phone call for you, Mr. Bennett.

H: Excuse me, Susan.

S: I hope nothing is wrong.

SO: I'll get the rest of the dinner, excuse me.

H: Please forgive me, Susan. But...I have to leave.

H: I feel terrible...but...

S: What's the matter?

H: My daughter isn't feeling well.

S: Oh no. Is it serious?

H: I don't know. The baby-sitter says she has a stomachache, and she's crying.

H: I'll have to go home. Will you forgive me?

S: Of cause. I'm so sorry for Michelle.

S: And you didn't have a chance to eat.

H: Oh, it's OK. Let me take you home first.

S: No, no. Please, go ahead.

H: It's our first date.

S: We'll make another. Please don't worry.

H: I'll phone you.

S: I hope your daughter is all right. Good-bye!

H: Good-bye.
