---
date: 2019-07-22
corrected:
---

## X.Repeat FA_06. The Blind Date (Act3)

出场人物：

- H: Harry Bennett
- S: Susan Stewart
- M: Marilyn Stewart

M: What happened?

S: The baby-sitter called.

S: His daughter is sick.

M: What's wrong?

S: I think she has a stomachache. He's a good father.

M: So, what do you think of him?

S: He's very nice, but I think he was nervous tonight.

S: It was his first date in two years.

M: Will you see him again?

S: I hope so.

M: This food is delicious!

S: He didn't get a thing to eat.

M: You ordered enough for three or four people.

M: But I'm not complaining. The food is delicious.

(Someone is knocking the door)

S: Who is that?

M: Do you think it's...?

S: No!

S: You won't believe it, Marilyn!

M: I believe it, even without looking!

H: Hi!

S: How...?

H: Your downstairs neighbor let me in.

S: Did you go home?

H: I did. But everything is OK, so I decided to come back.

H: To apologize for leaving so early, I brought you a little gift.

H: It's a bonsai tree for your new apartment.

H: Hi, Marilyn! I hope it's not too late.

M: Oh, not at all. We're still eating.

S: Please, come in, join us! It's our meal from the restaurant.

S: And how is your daughter?

H: She's fine. It was only a tummy ache.

S: It was good that you went back.

H: Yes, I think it's important for me to be there since her mother died.

S: I agree. Aren't you hungry?

H: As a matter of fact...I am hungry!

M: That's lots of food left.

H: Mmm, this is delicious.

S: Enjoy!

M: I'm going to excuse myself.

M: I have a lot of work to do to get ready for tomorrow.

M: Good night, Harry. It was nice meeting you.

H: Bye, Marilyn.

M: Good night, Susan.

S: Good night, Marilyn.

S: She's going to a fashion show here at the city tomorrow.

S: She's sleeping here, so she won't have to travel from Riverdale in the morning.

H: You two must be close.

S: We are. The whole Stewart family is close.

H: I like that.

H: And then, two years ago, my wife died.

S: You miss her.

H: I do, yes, but I have Michelle, and with time...

S: Is there anyone else in your life?

H: No, not yet. What about you?

S: Oh, I date occasionally, but my work keeps me busy.

H: Oh, speaking of keeping busy, I have an early start tomorrow, and the baby-sitter has to get home.

H: Where did the time go? It's midnight.

H: Thank you, Susan. I had a nice evening.

S: Me, too, Harry.

S: Harry!

H: Yes?

S: I'd like to meet your daughter someday.

H: Does that mean that I can see you again?

S: Of course.

H: Wonderful! I'll call you, and we'll go out to dinner.

S: Please do.

H: I promise I won't leave early.

S: It was for a good reason.

H: You know something?

S: What?

H: I think we're going to be good friends.

H: Good night, Susan.

S: Good night, Harry. Have a safe trip home.

S: Are you all right?

H: Sorry.

S: I never liked that umbrella stand.

S: Good night, Harry.
