---
date: 2019-07-26
corrected:
---

## X.Repeat FA_07. Grandpa's Trunk (Act1) Again

出场人物：

- P: Phillip Stewart
- E: Ellen Stewart
- M: Marilyn Stewart
- R: Richard Stewart
- RO: Robbie Stewart

E: Marilyn, you want coffee or tea?

M: Coffee, please.

E: I am so excited. At this time tomorrow morning, Grandpa will be sitting in the kitchen with us.

M: When does he arrive?

E: At six o'clock, this evening.

M: By plane?

E: No, by train.

M: Are we picking him up at the station?

E: Not Grandpa. He doesn't want anybody picking him up.

E: He likes to be independent.

E: Let's go upstairs and prepare Grandpa's room.

M: Great, let's do it.

R: Good morning, mom.

RO: Morning.

E: Well, hi fellas! Mua! Mua!

R: Hello! Mua!

M: Hello, darling! Mua!

RO: Morning, Marilyn.

M: We're going upstairs to set up Grandpa's room.

M: There's coffee ready.

RO: I'm really excited about seeing Grandpa.

R: Me, too. Milk please.

RO: He's so funny. He always makes me laugh.

RO: I hope Grandpa's going to like living with us.

R: I think he will. It just takes time to feel comfortable in a new place.

RO: Won't he miss being in Florida?

R: Oh, he will. I think he'll like being here with the family.

RO: Are you sure about that? It's crazy here most of the time.

R: But it's fun.

RO: That's for sure.

R: You know, maybe I'll put together some photos of Grandpa as a "welcome" present.

RO: That's a neat idea. What can I do?

RP: I've got it. I have a picture of Grandpa and Dad and me in my wallet. It's from the Fathers and Sons' Breakfast at my junior high school graduation.

R: Oh, I remember this picture.

RO: I'd really like to pick up grandpa at the railroad station.

R: Railroad stations or airports, Grandpa always tells us he'll get here by himself.

RO: He's something!

M: Is this all Grandpa's stuff?

E: That's it. But I'm sure he has a few bags with him on the train.

M: What's inside?

E: I don't know. It's locked.

P: Hi!

E: Oh, hi, darling!

M: Morning, Phillip.

P: I want to put some of my good hangers in Grandpa's closet.

P: You know? I'm very excited about his arrival!

E: We are, too. Susan called early this morning. She's unhappy. Because she's had to go to Chicago on a business trip and can't leave till tonight. She wants to be here for Grandpa.

P: Well, Grandpa will be disappointed, too. He loves Susan. She always reminds him of Grandma.

P: Well, how's everything here?

M: Fine, we were just wondering about this trunk.

E: It's locked.

P: I have the key. Grandpa sent it to me.
