---
date: 2019-07-31
corrected: 2019-07-31
---

## X.Repeat FA_08. Grandpa's Trunk (Act2)

出场人物：

- M: Malcolm Stewart
- E: Elsa Tobin
- S: Staff

E: Excuse me , is this seat taken?

M: Oh, it's not taken.

E: Oh, thank you.

M: Let me help with this.

E: Oh, thank you.

M: Do you want to sit by the window?

E: No, no, no. **~~I'd~~ I** like the aisle seat better. Please, you sit by the window.

> **~~I'd~~ I** like the aisle seat better.

M: My name is Stewart, Malcolm Stewart. Pleased to meet you.

E: I'm Elsa Tobin. How do you do?

M: Do you live in New York?

E: No, no. I'm from Florida.

M: I am, too. But, didn't you just get on?

E: No, no. I just changed my seat. A man next **to** me was smoking. And smoke really bothers me.

> A man next **to** me was smoking.

E: Where are you from in Florida?

M: Titusville. It's near Orlando.

E: Small world. I'm from Titusville, too.

M: Really? What part?

E: My husband and I live near Spaceport.

M: I know that area. My house is only few miles from Spaceport.

M: Do you still live there?

E: Oh, yes, yes. My husband's there now. He couldn't take time off to come to New York with me.

E: Do you still **~~lice~~ live** there?

> Do you still **~~lice~~ live** there?

M: No. I sold the house and the furniture. Put a few personal things in an old trunk, and shipped it to my children in New York.

M: That's my destination.

E: Are you married?

M: My wife died four years ago. She was a wonderful woman. A real friend.

E: I'm sorry. Really, I'm sorry.

M: Lots of wonderful memories. We were married almost fifty years, well, forty-seven, to be exact.

E: John and I celebrate our fortieth anniversary next month.

M: Ohh, congratulations! That's nice.

M: What does John do?

E: He's an aerospace engineer, **and** works for Orlando Aircraft Corporation. He stated with them almost forty years ago.

> He's an aerospace engineer, **and** works for Orlando Aircraft Corporation.

E: What do you do?

M: I just retired. Had my own company. A construction company. Roads, bridges, big stuff. But I just sold it, and retired.

S: Excuse me, ma'am. Ticket, please.

E: Wold you kindly hold these keys, please?

M: Oh.

E: I have a ticket, I know. I was in the smoking section.

S: It's Ok, lady. Take your time.

M: I'm sure it's in your purse, Mrs. Tobin.

E: Ohh, here it is.

M: And here are your keys.

E: Thank you.

M: Do you have family in New York?

E: No, no. But I do have very close friends in New York city. We like to go to the theater together.

E: You said you have family in New York?

M: Yes, indeed. A son and his wife and their three children. My grandchildren.

E: You must be excited.

M: Oh, I can't wait to see them.

E: Are you going to live with them?

M: Yes.

E: Permanently?

M: Well, they want me to. But it **it** too early to know for sure. I'm pretty independent.

> But it **it** too early to know for sure.

M: I tried to teach my kids the importance of independence.

M: But I'm not sure I want to be alone.

M: Some people don't mind being alone, I do.

E: I understand. But tell me, why did you stop working?

M: I retired, because, I wanted to be with my family. I didn't want to be alone anymore.
