---
date: 2019-08-06
corrected: 2019-08-07
---

## X.Repeat FA_09. Grandpa's Trunk (Act3)

出场人物：

- A: Announcer
- Ma: Malcolm Stewart
- El: Elsa Tobin
- P: Phillip Stewart
- E: Ellen Stewart
- R: Richard Stewart
- Ro: Robbie Stewart
- M: Marilyn Stewart
- S: Susan Stewart

A: Ladies and gentlemen. Amtrack is happy to announce our arrival in New York city.

> **~~Amtrack~~ Amtrak** is happy to announce our arrival in New York city.

A: The train will be stopping in five minutes.

A: Please check to be sure you have your belongings, and have a good stay in the Big Apple.

A: Thank you.

El: Well, here we are. It was so nice meeting you, Mr. Stewart.

Ma: And nice meeting you, too. Mrs. Tobin.

Ma: Please look us up. We're in the phone book. Dr. Phillip Stewart, in Riverdale.

El: Your son?

Ma: That's right. And have a good time in New York.

El: And don't be so independent. You're very lucky to have a caring family.

(Stewart family)

RO: When can we go fishing?

Ma: Robbie, we'll go fishing soon. And we'll take your Dad with us.

P: I'm ready, Grandpa. You name the day.

E: That's a great idea, Grandpa. Phillip needs a day off.

RO: Let's give him our presents, now!

R: Good idea.

Ma: Presents, for me?

R: From me and Marilyn.

RO: And this one's from me. I looked all over the house to find it.

Ma: Oh, Richard, these are terrific pictures!

Ma: This one really brings back memories!

Ma: You remember that day, Robbie?

RO: I sure do. It was fun.

Ma: Oh, I'm sorry Susan isn't here. I miss her very much.

E: She feels bad, too, Grandpa. She called to say the plane was delayed, you know airports!

Ma: I can't wait to see her. She looks just like Grandma at that age.

Ma: I'd better unpack. I started traveling twenty-four hours ago.

Ma: I'm not so young anymore.

E: Don't you want something to eat?

Ma: No...Thanks. After a good night's sleep, I'll enjoy breakfast even more.

P: Well, come on, Dad. Ellen and I'll take you to your room.

RO: I'm sure glad you're here, Grandpa.

R: Good night, Grandpa.

M: Pleasant dreams! Mua!

Ma: Phillip, do you have the key to the trunk?

P: I have the key, but it doesn't work!

Ma: I sent the wrong key.

Ma: I have something for you. I made it myself. I think you'll enjoy it.

Ma: I researched it for ove a year. It's our family tree.

E: Oh, Grandpa, how exciting!

P: Fabulous!

P: Why, I didn't know your Grandfather was born in Germany.

> Why, I didn't know your **that** Grandfather was born in Germany.

Ma: Lots of interesting information about our family.

Ma: A gift from me.

E: Thank you so much.

S: Grandpa, Grandpa!

S: Oh, Grandpa. I'm so happy to see you!

Ma: Oh, you look so beautiful Susan, my Granddaughter.

Ma: Like I always said, you look just like Grandma.

P: I think you're going to be very happy here with us.

E: I know you'll.

Ma: I don't feel alone anymore!
