---
date: 2019-08-08
corrected:
---

## X.Repeat FA_10. A Piece of Cake (Act1)

出场人物：

- R: Richard Stewart
- M: Marilyn Stewart
- J: Jack Davis

M: I am exhausted.

M: My new exercise class is so hard.

R: Your new exercise class?

M: Yeah. My new advanced exercise class.

R: Why advanced?

M: My instructor thought that beginner's class is too easy for me.

R: Hhh. Too easy for you?

M: Don't laugh! In the beginner's class, they give you a chance to rest between exercises.

R: So?

M: The advanced class is nonstop!

R: I lift weights every morning for sixty minutes without stopping.

R: No problem!

M: Listen, Richard. Doing aerobics for an hour is a lot different than lifting weights.

R: Yeah. Quite a bit different.

R: I think aerobics is easy.

R: I can work out in your class with no problem.

M: You think so?

R: Oh, without a doubt.

R: When's the next class?

M: Tomorrow morning, at ten o'clock. Try it!

R: Tomorrow morning after lifting weights, I'll try aerobics.

R: It's a snap.

R: Tomorrow morning at ten o'clock.

(Tomorrow morning)

M: Aren't you going to the aerobics class this morning?

R: Of course. Easy. No sweat.

M: You're not going to be able to move after this and the aerobics class.

R: Are you kidding me?

R: It's going to be a piece of cake!

R: You want a bet?

M: Yeah, what's the bet?

R: I bet I can go one hour in your class this morning and not feel a thing!

M: The bet is, I win, and you cook dinner for the entire family, or you win, and I cook dinner for the entire family.

R: It's a bet!

M: Ok, call my instructor, Jack Davis, right now!

M: His number is 555-8842.

M: The advanced class starts at ten o'clock.

R: It's eight twenty now!

M: It only takes eight minutes by bicycle to the aerobics class. Give him a call.

J: Davis Aerobics Center for Good Health.

R: Jack Davis, please.

J: This is Jack Davis.

R: Hello. This is Richard Stewart. My wife Marilyn Stewart is a member of your program.

R: I'd like come to the ten o'clock advanced class this morning.

J: Oh, fine, fine! Be here a few minutes early, you need to complete some forms before the class.

R: Thanks. I'm on my way over.

J: Good-bye.

R: Bye-bye!

R: It's all set. I'm going.

M: Bye.

R: See you later.

M: Good luck.

R: Don't forget about the bet. Dinner for the entire family, and that includes Susan.

M: Don't you forget!
