---
date: 2019-08-26
corrected:
---

## X.Repeat FA_14. The Right Magic (Act2)

出场人物：

- M: Malcolm Stewart
- P: Phillip Stewart
- R: Robbie Stewart
- A: Albert

R: This is really neat!

R: When do we eat?

P: First, we have to catch some fish.

P: In order to catch fish, we have to do this.

P: Here we go, that's it.

P: Then drop it into the water.

P: All of this comes before eating, OK?

R: How do you know so much about fishing?

P: Grandpa taught me. We spent a lot of time fishing together.

P: Now, the important thing is to get the hook close to the fish. All right? Like this.

R: I think I see some fish right under us, Dad.

P: Oh, not a chance.

R: I just saw a big one.

M: Hi, there!

A: Hi.

M: what's your name?

A: Albert.

M: Are you all alone?

A: Yes, sir.

M: How old are you, Albert?

A: I'm ten.

P: Where's your father?

A: He's up there at the lodge.

P: Does he know you're here?

A: Yes, sir.

P: Okay, Robbie, maybe you should watch him, the water is pretty deep here.

R: I'll watch him, Dad.

R: What time is it?

M: It's almost lunchtime, and no fish yet.

R: I can go up to the lodge for some hot dogs and drinks.

P: No way! We're here to catch our lunch.

M: To catch fish, you need the right magic!

P: That's right! I forgot! The Right Magic!

P: Do it for Robbie! Dad.

M: You remember?

P: Sure. Come on.

M: Well, first, you have to turn your hat around like this.

M: Then close your eyes and say the magic words.

M: Fish, fish, send me a fish!

R: Fish, fish, send me a fish!

R: I got one.

M: See, it works!

R: It's a big one.

P: Well, it always worked for me, too.

R: Grandpa, get the net, please.

R: Dad, you got one, too.

P: You bet I have.

M: Easy, Phillip, easy!

R: Sorry, Dad.

P: Well, one more and I've got a pair of boots!

R: You didn't say the magic words!

M: Robbie's right.

P: Yes, but you did, and we've got our lunch.

P: Let's build a fire and cook it!

P: Come on, Albert, you can help us!

A: I want to stay here and fish.

M: All right, but be careful.

R: Is it finished yet?

P: I think so, I hope you like your fish well done!

M: Burned, you mean?

P: Hey, I'm a doctor, not a chef.

P&M: Hhh.

A: Help! Help! I can't swim!

R: Dad! Grandpa! He fell in!

P: Does it easy, Robbie!

P: That a boy, that's it!

M: He's not breathing, Phillip!

P: Robbie, run to the car. Bring a blanket and my medical bag!

R: Yes, Dad!

P: Come on son, come on son.

M: Breathe, Albert!
