---
date: 2019-09-01
corrected: 2019-09-01
---

# X.Repeat FA_15. The Right Magic (Act3)

出场人物：

- M: Malcolm Stewart
- P: Phillip Stewart
- R: Robbie Stewart
- E: Ellen Stewart
- A: Albert
- AF: Albert's father

R: Here's the bag.

R: Will he be OK, Dad?

P: I hope so.

P: Oh, that's it. Oh, That's the way. That's it.

P: Oh, it's going to be all right.

P: That's it. Wrap him in the blanket, Dad.

P: That's it.

P: It's all right, it's all right, Albert.

P: You're going to be OK.

A: I want my Daddy.

P: We'll take you to him. Easy now, easy does it. That's it.

M: Your Dad is quite a guy!

R: I know, Grandpa.

M: How's it Phillip?

> How's **~~it~~ he** Phillip?

P: He's asleep, he's going to be fine.

AF: How can I thank all of you?

P: Thank my son, Robbie. he pulled him out of the water.

AF: I'm very grateful Robbie.

R: Dad saved him, not me.

AF: I'm so thank all of you.

> I'm so **~~thank~~ thankful** all of you.

P: So long.

M: He's a lucky boy.

M: Well, that do you say we get back to our fishing?

P: That's a great idea.

P: Uh-oh, it's probably the hospital.

P: I have to get to a phone, it probably means we can't stay.

R: That's OK.

P: One of my patients has a hight fever. I have to go to the hospital.

P: I'm sorry Robbie, I guess I ruined your day.

R: You didn't ruin my day Dad.

R: I understand, I really do.

E: Oh, why you back so early.

M: Phillip had to go back to the hospital.

R: He had an emergency.

E: Oh. That's too bad Robbie, does it spoil your fun?

> **~~does~~ did** it spoil your fun?

R: No, Mom. We had a great time.

E: Well, did you do any fishing?

R: Yeah, we caught lots of them. Look!

R: They had a special on frozen fish down on the supermarket.

> They had a special on frozen fish down **~~on~~ at** the supermarket.

E: Oh, you really had a bad day.

M: We had a good day. Robbie pulled a boy out of the water.

R: And Dad saved his life.

R: He's terrific doctor Mom.

> He's **a** terrific doctor Mom.

E: I know.

P: Oh, hi pop, hi son.

R: Hello Dad.

P: What a day!

M: How about a cup of coffee, son?

P: I love a cup of coffee.

> **~~I~~ I'd** love a cup of coffee.

R: How was the patient?

P: She'll be fine.

R: Was it serious?

P: No.

R: Until today I was never really interested in medicine.

P: Well, it's hard work.

R: Now, I know.

P: I had a good time today, Robbie.

R: Me, too.

P: Why don't we do it again?

R: Can we, when?

P: How about next Saturday?

R: Won't you be busy?

P: I'll changing my schedule.

P: Well, do we have a date?

R: We sure do, Dad.

R: Grandpa, can you come?

M: I have other plans Robbie.

M: But I think you two can have a good time together without me.

P: No, Dad. Certainly not without the right magic!

All: Hhh.
