# 01. 46 Linden Street (Act 1)

> R：Richard 是一个摄影师，他在纽约的港口拍摄，遇见了来自希腊的女孩 Alexandra。Richard 向 Alexandra 展示了他为《Family Album, U.S.A.》拍摄的一些照片，然后他很快就离开了，但是他忘记了一些东西，他到底忘记了什么？

- R: Richard
- M: Martha Vann
- G: Gerald
- A: Alexandra

R: Excuse me. My name is Richard Stewart, I'm a photographer. May I take **a picture** ~~pictures~~ of you and your little boy?

M: What's it for?

R: It's for a book.

M: You're writing a book?

R: It's a book of pictures. I **call** ~~called~~ it Family Album, U.S.A.

M: Oh, that's a nice idea. Well it's fine if you take our **picture** ~~pictures~~. I'm Martha Vann.

R: Thank you, I appreciate ~~for~~ your help.

R: I'm richard, what's your name?

G: Gerald.

R: How old are you, Gerald?

G: Five.

R: And, where do you live?

M: We live in California.

R: Wow, welcome to New York!

R: Ok, just a second. I'm almost ready here.

(Alexandra appears)

A: Can I help you?

R: Oh, please!

R: Hold Gerald's hand, please. Great!

R: Now point to the buildings.

R: Terrific!

R: Give Mommy a kiss, Gerald.

R: Nice!

R: Thank you Gerald. And thank you Mrs. Vann.

M: Oh, my pleasure, we'll looking for your book.

R: Thank you. Good-bye! Bye, Gerald!

(Martha and Gerald are leaving)

(To Alexandra)

R: Thanks again!

A: Oh, you're welcome.

R: Hey, let me take your picture.

A: Wonderful, please!

R: Are you from New York?

A: No, I'm from Greece. I'm an exchange student.

R: When did you come here?

A: Three months ago.

R: Your English is very good!

A: Thanks, I studied English in school.

(Sitting down)

R: Would you like some coffee?

A: No, thank you.

A: Tell me about your book.

R: Oh, it's not finished yet.

R: But I have some of pictures, would you like to see them?

A: Yes, I'd like that.

R: Here they are. Family Album, U.S.A. It's an album of pictures of **the** United States: the cities, the special places, and the people. And these are pictures of people working. Steelworkers, bankers, police, street vendors, ambulance drivers...doctors. Oh, this is my father, he's a doctor. This is my mother.

A: What's her name?

R: Ellen.

R: My younger brother Robbie, he goes to the hight school.

R: This is my sister Susan, she works for a toy company.

R: Here's my grandfather, he lives in Florida.

R: And this is my wife, Marilyn.

A: Oh, she is very pretty.

R: Thanks. And what about your family?

A: They are in Thessaloniki. That's a large city in Northern Greece. But now I'm living in the Bronx.

R: With a Greek-American family?

A: No, Hispanic.

R: Oh no, it's five thirty. Emm, will you excuse me, I have to meet my wife.

A: It was nice meeting you.

R: Oh, it was pleasure meeting you, too! Thanks for your help, and good luck! I've got to go. By the way, I'm Richard, what's your name?

A: Alexandra.

R: Bye-bye Alexandra. Thanks!

A: Bye-bye!

(Richard was leaved)

A: Richard, Richard! You left your bag!
