---
date: 2019-07-08
translate:
---

# 02. 46 Linden Street (Act 3)

> R：Stewart 一家一起享用晚餐。Richard 显得很沮丧，因为他弄丢了他的相机包。他的妈妈 Ellen 尝试帮助他。接着门铃响了，是谁在门外？

出场人物：

- P: Phillip Stewart
- E: Ellen Stewart
- R: Richard Stewart
- M: Marilyn Stewart
- S: Susan Stewart
- Ro: Robbie Stewart
- A: Alexandra Pappas

P: And give her a teaspoon of the medicine after every meal.

P: Don't worry. She'll be fine.

P: You're welcome. Good-bye.

E: How are you?

P: I'm tired and hungry.

E: Well. Marilyn and Richard called. They'll be here soon, and then we'll eat.

P: All right, is Susan coming?

E: Well, she'll be here later. She has to work late tonight.

P: And what's Robbie's cooking for dinner?

E: It's a surprise.

P: I hope it's pasta.

(Dinner)

P: Robbie, the dinner ~~is~~ **was** terrific!

S: Yes. It was delicious!

M: What's for dessert?

Ro: Oh, I've forgot dessert.

(Laughing)

E: Don't worry. We got a lots of ice cream.

R: I'd love some ice cream.

E: Well, there's some chocolate and coffee, and a little vanilla.

Ro: I'll have vanilla. It that all right to every one?

P: I'll have chocolate.

M: Me too.

R: Um...one scoop of coffee and one scoop of chocolate, for me.

E: Robbie, would you help me serve?

R: I keep thinking about that bag of film.

R: Eight rolls, a whole day's work.

R: And good stuff, too.

E: Don't worry, Richard. Someone will find it.

(The doorbell rang)

Ro: I'll get it.

(At the door)

Ro: Hello.

A: Hello. Does Richard Stewart live here?

Ro: Yes, he's my brother. I'm Robbie...Robbie Stewart.

A: I'm Alexandra Pappas. How do you do.

A: Your brother left his bag of film at the ferry boat. I found it.

Ro: I'm really glad to see you...I mean my brother will be really glad to see you.

E: Robbie, Who is it?

Ro: It's Richard's film. I mean...Alexandra Pappas.

Ro: Come in, please.

(Dinner room)

R: Alexandra.

A: Hello, Richard. I found your bag.

R: Oh, thank you! Thank you!

R: Um...Alexandra, let me introduce you, this is my wife, Marilyn.

A: Richard showed me your photo. How do you do.

M: Oh, yes. Richard told us all about you. Nice to meet you.

R: And this is my mother Ellen Stewart.

A: How do you do.

R: And my father Dr. Phillip Stewart.

P: Nice to meet you, Alexandra.

R: And you met Robbie.

A: Yes.

A: And you must be Susan.

S: Hi.

A: Hi.

S: Welcome.

R: I'm so glad you found my bag, and took the time and trouble to return it.

A: Oh, It was no trouble.

A: I just took the wrong train.

E: Would you like something to eat?

A: Thank you, no. ~~I'd like to have~~ **I'm late for** dinner at my house. I really have to go.

R: Would you like to call home.

A: I'd appreciate that.

E: Please, use the phone.

A: Thanks. Excuse me.

(Alexandra is using the phone)

R: Alexandra's hight-school exchange student from Greece.

Ro: Where ~~did~~ **does** she live?

R: With a family in **the** bronx.

Ro: Oh, that's not too far from here.

R: Take it easy, Robbie.

A: Thank you. I can only stay for a few minutes.

E: Have some iced tea.

A: Thanks, Mrs. Stewart.

Ro: Please sit down, Alexandra.

P: So, you're an exchange student. Where do you go to school?

A: At the bronx hight school of science.

P: Oh, that's a very good school.

P: What's your favorite subjects?

A: Biology and mathematics. Richard tells me you're a doctor.

P: Yes, a pediatrician.

P: And what ~~do~~ **does** your father do?

A: He's a lawyer, and ~~at~~ **in** Thessaloniki.

Ro: Would you like some pasta? I made it myself.

Ro: It might be a little cold.

A: Thanks, no. I do have to go. It was nice meeting you all.

M: Maybe you'll come for lunch at some Sunday, so we can really thank you for ~~bring~~ **bringing** Richard's bag back.

A: Maybe!

E: You're welcome, anytime.

P: Good-bye!

(At the door)

R: Can I drive you home.

A: No, thanks. The train is just up the street, it won't take me long at all.

R: You really saved the day for me, Alexandra.

A: Bye!

R: Bye-bye!

M: Good night!

(In the room)

P: She's a smart young lady, and very nice!

Ro: Very! Hey! She forgot her bag!

E: Oh, I guess we'll be see Alexandra again, right Robbie?
