---
date: 2019-07-16
corrected: 2019-07-16
translate:
---

# 04. The Blind Date (Act2)

> R：Susan 和 Harry 去了一个在 Susan 公寓附近的饭店。Susan 和饭店的主人 Somsak 很熟。Somsak 来自泰国，并且他开了一个泰国饭店。但是中途除了一些事情，Harry 离开了饭店。Harry 为什么要离开？

出场人物：

- H: Harry Bennett
- S: Susan Stewart
- SO: Somsak

(Entry the restaurant)

SO: Oh, Miss Stewart. Welcome. How are you?

S: Fine, Somsak. And you?

SO: Fine, thank you.

S: This is my friend, Harry Bennett.

H: Pleased to meet you.

SO: Very nice to meet you. Any friend of Miss **~~Stewart~~ Stewart's** is welcome at Somsak's.

SO: Follow me, please.

H: **~~I'd~~ I** like **it** here.

S: I do too, I come here often.

(Sit down)

SO: **A** special place for special people.

S: Thank you, Somsak.

H: Well. Nice restaurant.

SO: Would you like something to drink?

S: Yes. I'd like a glass of ginger ale with ice.

S: Harry, what would you like?

H: Do you have a dry white wine?

SO: How about **a** California Chablis?

H: Chablis is fine.

SO: What would you like to eat.

S: I'd like the mee **~~crop~~ krob**.

S: Harry, would you like to see a menu?

H: No, it's ok. I'll have the mee **~~crop~~ krob** also.

H: What is it?

S: **~~Crisped~~ Crispy** fried noddles. I love them.

SO: May I bring you a salad?

S: Oh, yes. What do you recommend today?

SO: I recommend rose-petal salad. Special for new friends.

S: Rose-petal salad?

H: Why not?

SO: I'll take care **~~about~~ of** everything.

(Somsak left)

S: I hope you're hungry.

H: What? Oh, yes. Starving.

S&H: Well, I...

H: What do you do at Universe Toy Company?

S: I'm the vice-president of the new toy development.

H: Terrific!

S: I know you're a CPA.

H: That's true. Harry Bennett, certified public accountant.

H: I love numbers.

H: I do some work for Smith and Dale, your company's **~~accountant film~~ accounting firm**.

S: And, so...

H: Here we are.

S: Yes.

H: I have a daughter.

S: I know. How old is she?

H: She is nine years old.

S: That's a nice age. What's her name?

H: Michelle.

S: Do you have a picture of her?

S: She is very pretty.

H: Thank you.

(Somsak comes)

SO: Rose-petal salad. And there's a phone call for you, Mr. Bennett.

H: Excuse me.

(Harry left)

S: I hope nothing is wrong.

SO: I'll get the rest of the dinner, excuse me.

(Harry back)

H: Please, forgive me, Susan. But, I have to leave. I fell terrible. But...

S: What's the matter?

H: My daughter isn't feeling well.

S: Oh, no. Is it serious?

H: I don't know. The baby-sitter says she has a stomachache, **and** she's crying.

H: **~~I~~ I'll** have to go home. Will you forgive me?

S: Of course. I'm so sorry for Michelle. And you didn't have a chance to eat.

H: **Oh.** It's ok. Let me take you home first.

S: No, no. Please, go ahead.

H: It's our first date.

S: We'll make another. Please don't worry.

H: I'll phone you.

S: I hope your daughter is all right. Good-bye!

H: Good-bye.
