---
date: 2019-07-21
corrected: 2019-07-21
translate:
---

# 04. The Blind Date (Act3)

> R：Susan 正在和 Marilyn 一起吃晚饭。然后 Harry 给了 Susan 一个惊喜。他们聊了很多。Susan 和 Harry 还会再见面吗？

出场人物：

- H: Harry Bennett
- S: Susan Stewart
- M: Marilyn Stewart

M: What happened?

S: The baby-sitter called. His daughter is sick.

M: What's wrong?

S: I think she has a stomachache. He's a good father.

M: So, what do you think **~~about~~ of** him?

S: He's very nice.

S: But I think he was nervous tonight. It was his first date in two years.

M: Will you see him again?

S: I hope so.

M: This food is delicious.

S: He didn't get a thing to eat.

M: You ordered enough for three or four people.

M: But I'm not complaining. The food is delicious

(Someone was knocking the door)

S: Who is that?

M: Do you think it's?

S: No!

(Susan went to the door)

S: You won't believe it, Marilyn.

M: I believe it. Even without looking.

H: Hi.

S: How..?

H: Your downstairs neighbor let me in.

S: Did you go home?

H: I did. But everything is OK. So I decided to come back.

H: To apologize for leaving so early. I brought you a little gift.

H: It's a bonsai tree for your new apartment.

H: Hi, Marilyn. I hope it's not too late.

M: Oh, not at all. We're still eating.

S: Please, come in. Join us. It's our meal from the restaurant.

H: Oh.

S: And how **~~with~~ is** your daughter.

H: **Oh,** she is fine, **~~with~~ it was** only a **~~tommy~~ tummy** ache.

S: **~~It~~ It's** good that you went back.

H: Yes. I think it's important for me to be there since her mother died.

S: I agree. Aren't you hungry?

H: As a matter of fact. I am hungry.

M: **~~It's a lot~~ That's lots** of food left.

H: Mmm. This is delicious.

S: Enjoy!

M: I'm going to excuse myself. I have a lot of work to do, to get ready for tomorrow.

M: Good night Harry. It was nice meeting you.

H: Bye, Marilyn.

M: Good night, Susan.

S: Good night, Marilyn.

S: She **~~has~~ is going to** a fashion show here in the city tomorrow.

S: She is sleeping here so she won't have to travel from Riverdale in the morning.

H: You two must be close.

S: We are. The whole Stewart family is close.

H: I like that.

(Midnight)

H: And then two years ago, my wife died.

S: You miss her.

H: I do yes. But I have Michelle, and with time...

S: Is there anyone else in your life?

H: No, no yet. What about you?

S: Oh, I **~~did~~ date** occasionally. But my work keeps me busy.

H: Oh, speaking of keeping busy, I have an early start tomorrow, and the baby-sitter has to get home.

H: Oh, where did the time go, it's **midnight**.

H: Thank you Susan, I had a nice evening.

S: Me, too. Harry.

S: Harry!

H: Yes?

S: I'd like to meet your daughter someday.

H: **~~Do~~ Does** that mean that I can see you again?

S: Of course.

H: Wonderful. I'll call you, and we'll go out **~~for~~ to** dinner.

S: Please do.

H: I promise I won't leave early.

S: It was for a good reason.

H: You know something?

S: What?

H: I think we're going to be good friends.

H: Good night Susan.

S: Good night Harry. Have a safe trip home.

(The umbrella was fallen)

S: Are you all right?

H: Sorry.

S: I never liked that umbrella stand.

S: Good night Harry.
