---
date: 2019-07-22
corrected: 2019-07-22
translate:
---

# 04. Grandpa's Trunk (Act1)

> R：Stewart 家庭正在准备迎接祖父的到来。Ellen 和 Marilyn 正在帮祖父准备房间，她们注意到了祖父的行李箱。祖父的行李箱里面有什么？

出场人物：

- P: Phillip Stewart
- E: Ellen Stewart
- M: Marilyn Stewart
- R: Richard Stewart
- RO: Robbie Stewart

E: Marilyn, you want coffee or tea?

M: Coffee, please.

E: Oh, I am so excited. At this time tomorrow morning, Grandpa will be sitting in the kitchen with us.

M: When does he arrival?

E: At six o'clock this evening.

M: By plane?

E: No. By train.

M: Are we picking him up **at** the station?

E: Not Grandpa. He doesn't want anybody **~~kicking~~ picking** him up.

M: He likes to be independent.

E: **Oh,** Let's go upstairs and prepare Grandpa's room.

M: Great! Let's do it.

R: Good morning, mom.

RO: Morning.

R: Hello!

M: Hello, honey!

RO: Good morning, Marilyn.

M: We're going upstairs to setting up Grandpa's room.

M: There's coffee ready.

RO: I'm really exciting about seeing Grandpa.

R: Me, too. Milk, please.

RO: He's so funny. He always makes me laugh.

RO: I hope Grandpa is going to like living with us.

R: I think he will. It just takes time to feel comfortable in a new place.

RO: Won't he miss being in Florida?

R: Oh, he will, but I think he'll like being here with his family.

RO: Are you sure about that? It's crazy here most of the time.

R: But it's fun.

RO: That's for sure.

R: You know maybe, I'll put together some photos of Grandpa as a "welcome" present.

RO: That's a neat idea. What can I do?

RO: I've got it. I have a picture of Grandpa and Dad and me in my wallet. It's from the Fathers and Sons' Breakfast at my junior high school graduation.

R: Oh, I remember this picture.

RO: **~~I~~ I'd** really like to pick up Grandpa at the railroad station.

R: Railroad station or airports, Grandpa always tells us he'll get **~~arrival~~ here** by himself.

RO: He's something!

M: **~~It's~~ Is this** all Grandpa's stuff?

E: That's is.

E: But I'm sure **~~there~~ he has a** ~~is~~ few bags with him on the train.

M: What's inside?

E: I don't know, it's locked.

P: Hi! I want to put some of my good hangers in Grandpa's closet.

E: Hi, darling.

M: Good morning, Phillip.

P: You know. I'm very excited about his arrival.

E: We're too. Susan called early this morning. She's unhappy, because **~~she~~ she's** had to go to Chicago on a business trip and can't leave till tonight. She wants to be here for Grandpa.

P: Well, Grandpa will **~~disappoint~~ be disappointed**, too. He loves Susan. She always reminds him **of** Grandma.

P: Well, how's everything here?

M: Fine, we were just wondering about this trunk.

E: It's locked.

P: Oh, I have the key. Grandpa sent it to me.
