---
date: 2019-07-29
corrected:
translate:
---

# 08. Grandpa's Trunk (Act2)

> R：Grandpa 坐火车前往纽约，遇到了 Elsa Tobin 女士。他们路上聊的很开心。祖父想去见他的家人，但是他真的想留下和他们一起住吗？

出场人物：

- M: Malcolm Stewart
- E: Elsa Tobin
- S: Staff

E: Excuse me. Is this seat taken?

M: Oh, it's not taken.

E: Oh, thank you.

M: Let me help you with this.

E: Oh, thank you.

M: Do you want seat by the window?

E: No, no, no. I like the aisle seat better. Please, you seat by the window.

M: My name is Stewart, Malcolm Stewart. Pleased to meet you.

E: I'm Elsa Tobin. How do you do?

M: Do you live in New York?

E: No, no. I'm from Florida.

M: Oh, I am, too. But didn't you just get on?

E: No, no. I just changed my seat. A man next me is smoking, and smoke really bothers me.

E: Where are you from Florida?

M: Titusville, it's near Orlando.

E: Small world. I'm from Titusville, too.

M: Oh, really? What's part?

E: My husband and I live in Spaceport.

M: I know there very well. My house is only few miles from Spaceport.

M: Do you still live there?

E: Oh, yes! Yes, my husband's there now. He couldn't take time off to come to New York with me.

M: Emm.

E: DO you still live there?

M: No, I sold the house and furniture. Put a few personal things in a old trunk, and shipped to my children in New York. That's my destination.

E: Are you marry?

M: My wife died four years ago. She was a wonderful woman. A real friend.

E: I'm sorry. Really, I'm sorry.

M: Lots of wonderful memories.

M: We are married almost fifty years. Well, forty-seven to be exact.

E: John and I celebrated our forty anniversary last month.

M: Oh, congratulations! That's nice.

M: What does John do?

E: He's an aerospace engineering, he works for Orlando Aircraft Corporation. He started there with them almost forty years ago. What do you do?

M: I just retired. I had my own company. A construction company. Roads, bridges, big stuff. But I just sold it and retired.

S: Excuse me, ma'am. Ticket, please.

E: Would you kindly hold these keys, please?

M: Oh.

E: I have a ticket, I know. I was in the smoking section.

S: It's OK, lady. Take your time.

M: I'm sure it's in your purse, Mrs. Tobin.

E: Ohh, here it is.

M: And here are your keys.

E: Thank you.

M: Do you have family in New York?

E: No, no. But I do have very close friends, in New York city. We like to go to the theater together. You said you have family in New York?

M: Yes, indeed. A son and his wife, and their children. My grandchildren.

E: You must be excited.

M: I can't wait to see them.

E: Are you going to live with them?

M: Yes.

E: Permanently?

M: Well, they want me to. But it's too early to know for sure. I'm pretty independent. I tried to teach my kids the important of independence.

M: But I'm not sure, I...want to be alone. Some people don't mind be alone, I do.

E: I understand. But tell me, why did you stop working?

M: I retired because...I want to be with my family. I didn't want to be alone anymore.
