---
date: 2019-08-12
corrected: 
translate:
---

# 11. A Piece of Cake (Act2)

> R：Richard 去了健美操中心，但是 Jack Davis 要他拍一些照片。Richard 答应了，所以他拍了一整节课的照片。当 Richard 回到家，Marilyn 很惊讶。所以结果是谁赌赢了？

出场人物：

- R: Richard Stewart
- M: Marilyn Stewart
- J: Jack Davis
- S: Staff

J: OK, Richard. That's terrific.

J: Your pressure is 120 over 75, that's fine.

J: Now stand up, please.

J: Good, it's 122 over 80. You can sit down.

J: When was your lost complete physical?

R: 6 months ago.

J: Good.

J: Do you have any back or knee problems?

R: Nope. I'm in prefect health!

J: What do you do for a living, Mr. Stewart?

R: I'm a photographer.

J: Interesting. What do you photograph?

R: Everything!

R: The american scene. People, places, events.

J: Did you ever think of photographing an aerobics class?

R: No, I can't remember taking pictures of people exercising.

J: But don't you think it'd be a good subject?

R: Sure!

J: I need some good photos for my advertising, Mr. Stewart.

J: Maybe you can photo a class, and I can give you and Mis. Stewart a month of class-free.

R: When can I photograph a class?

J: Anytime!

R: How about today?

J: Terrific!

J: Hi.

S: Oh, hi!

J: Are we ready to go?

S: Yeah. Yeah. Let's get in our lines.

S: We're going to take it slow first.

S: Stretch up. And we're going to go left first.

S: 2, 3, 4...now switch...

S: OK, hold to the right.

S: Sunrise, stretch it up. Flat back.

S: Bring it up...

S: And twists, and side, 2, 3...

S: And left...push...push...

S: Turn...hit the floor.

S: Take it side again.

S: OK, and switch. Stretch it uo.

S: And we're going to warm down with a tango.

S: Left, right. Enjoy it!

R: Du-du-du~

M: Richard, did you go to the Davis Aerobics class today?

R: Yes, I went to the aerobics class today.

M: What is wrong with you?

R: Nothing. I'm excellent health.

R: I have ideal blood pressure. A prefect heart.

R: In other words, I'm in wonderful condition.

M: Richard, did you go to the aerobics class, really?

R: And don't forget to invite Susan for dinner.

M: And your legs don't hurt?

R: Hurt? What do you mean?

M: What about your arms? Lift your arms up like this.

M: And they don't hurt? Not event a little?

R: Nope.

M: You're in great condition.

M: I can't believe it.
