---
date: 2019-08-18
corrected: 2019-08-20
translate:
---

# 12. A Piece of Cake (Act3)

> R：Richard 告诉了 Marilyn 事实。他们的赌约还没有结束。接着 Richard 去了健美操课，Marilyn 和他一起去了。那么谁会最终给整个家庭做饭呢？

出场人物：

- R: Richard Stewart
- M: Marilyn Stewart
- J: Jack Davis
- S: Staff

M: Grandpa, Ellen, Phillip, Robbie, you and me, that's six steaks.

R: Don't forget Susan.

M: Seven steaks.

M: Cooking dinner for the entire family is not so easy.

M: The shopping: the salad, tomatoes, lettuce, cucumbers, and onions.

M: The main course: steak and potatoes.

M: Richard, How much broccoli do I need for seven people?

R: Marilyn, I have to tell you something.

M: Emm?

R: At today's exercise class...

M: Yes, Richard?

R: Emm, well, emm, I didn't really exercise.

M: I knew it!

R: I wanted to, but Jack Davis **~~need~~ needed** a photographer.

R: Hhh, I'm sorry Marilyn.

M: I don't understand, did you exercise or not?

R: No, instead of **~~exercise~~ exercising**, I photograph **~~a~~ the** class.

M: And you didn't exercise?

R: ...No.

M: There's another advanced class, today, at four o'clock, we'll go together.

R: What about the bet?

M: Oh, the bet is still on.

M: But, you shop for the groceries.

M: Remember, you win, and I cook dinner for the entire family.

R: ...You win, and I cook dinner...for the entire family.

M: Including Susan.

M: Four o'clock, at the advanced exercise class, with me.

R: Hhh.

M: Hmm, hmm, hmm.

(Aerobics class)

J: Don't forget to breathe.

S: Skip, hop, front.

S: Twist, again...OK, now, scissors.

R: This is fun. It's a piece of cake.

M: Yeah, just wait.

S: 5, 6, 7, go right, 1, 2, back.

S: 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, pony, pony.

S: 1, 2, 3, kick, 1, 2, 3, kick, pony.

S: And twist...twist.

J: OK. Let's pick up the pace.

M: How are you doing, Richard?

R: I can barely move.

S: 2, 3, 4, front.

S: Now, we're going to run it off.

S: Front, knees up, knees up.

J: OK. Finish **~~up~~ off** by jogging in place.

J: OK, keep those knees up.

J: All right. That's it for today.

J: Thank you everyone. See you next week.

R: Thank you, Jack. But no thank you.

M: The advanced exercise class is not so easy, huh?

R: No, no, you were right, I was wrong.

M: Come on, Richard. Get up, let's go.

M: You have to cook dinner for the entire family.

R: Marilyn, I'm exhausted. I can't move.

M: Oh, you'll do it. It's a piece of cake.

J: Excuse me, Richard, Marilyn.

R: You're a terrific instructor, Jack.

J: Thanks. But I have a question, is this your very first advanced aerobics class?

R: Emm, oh, yes, it is.

J: You are in great shape, Richard.

J: Very few people last in this class for the full hour the very first time.

R: Oh.

M: It's true. You're in great shape.

R: Thanks.

M: I think, we'll cook dinner together.

R: Hhh. Mua!
