---
date: 2019-08-25
corrected: 2019-08-25
translate:
---

# 14. The Right Magic (Act2)

> R：Grandpa 和 Phillip 和 Robbie 一起去钓鱼。又一个叫做 Albert 的少年也在钓鱼，但是他是独自一人。Grandpa 教了 Robbie 他的钓鱼魔法，接着 Robbie 变的幸运了。但是之后，发生了一个意外。

出场人物：

- M: Malcolm Stewart
- P: Phillip Stewart
- R: Robbie Stewart
- A: Albert

R: This is really neat!

R: When do we eat?

P: First, we have to catch some fish.

P: In order to catch fish, you have to do this.

P: Here we go. That's it.

P: Then, drop it into the water.

P: All of this comes before eating, OK?

R: How do you **know** so much about fishing?

P: Grandpa taught me. We spent a lot of time fishing together.

P: Now, **the** important thing is to get the hook close the fish. All right? Like this.

R: I think I **~~saw~~ see** some fish **right** under us, Dad.

P: Oh, not a chance.

R: I just saw a big one.

M: Hi, there!

A: Hi!

M: What's your name?

A: Albert.

M: Are you **all** alone?

A: Yes, sir.

M: How old are you, Albert?

A: I'm ten.

P: Where's your father?

A: He's up there at the lodge.

P: Does he know you're here?

A: Yes, sir.

P: Okay, Robbie, maybe you should watch him, the water is **pretty** deep here.

R: I'll watch him, **Dad**.

R: What time is it?

M: It's almost the lunchtime.

M: And no fish yet.

R: I can go **up** to the lodge for some hot dogs and drinks.

P: No way. We're here to catch our lunch.

M: To catch fish, you need the right magic!

P: That's right, I forgot the right magic.

P: Do it for Robbie Dad!

M: You remember?

P: Sure. Come on.

M: **Well**, first, you have to turn your hat around like this.

M: Then, **you** close your eyes, and say the magic words.

M: Fish, fish, send me a fish.

R: Fish, fish, send me a fish.

R: I got one!

M: See, it works!

R: **~~It~~ It's a** big one!

P: Well, it **~~was~~** always worked for me, too.

R: Grandpa, get the net, please.

R: Dad, you get one, too!

P: You bet I have.

M: Easy, Phillip, easy.

P: Hhh.

R: Sorry, Dad.

P: Well, one more and I've got a pair of boots.

M: Hhh.

R: You didn't say the magic words!

M: Robbie's right.

P: Yes, but you did, and **~~we~~ we've** got our lunch.

P: Let's build a fire and cook it.

P: Come on Albert, you can help us!

A: I want to stay here and fish.

M: All right, but be careful.

R: Is is finished yet?

P: I think so.

P: I hope you like your fish well done.

M: Burned, you mean?

P: Hey, I'm a doctor, not a **~~chief~~ chef**.

P&M: Hhh!

A: Help! Help! I can't swim!

R: Dad! Grandpa! He fell in!

P: Easy does it, Robbie.

P: That a boy, that's it.

M: He's not breathing, Phillip!

P: Robbie, run to the car, bring a blanket and my medical bag!

R: Yes, Dad.

P: Come on son, come on son.

M: Breathe, Albert!
