---
date: 2019-08-27
corrected: 
translate:
---

# 15. The Right Magic (Act3)

> R：Phillip 和 Robbie 和 Grandpa 尝试帮助 Albert。之后 Grandpa 提议回去继续钓鱼，但是 Phillip 接到医院打来的电话，钓鱼之旅借此结束，Robbie 到底感觉如何呢？

出场人物：

- M: Malcolm Stewart
- P: Phillip Stewart
- R: Robbie Stewart
- E: Ellen Stewart
- A: Albert
- AF: Albert's father

R: Here's the bag, will he be OK? Dad?

P: I hope so.

P: That's it. That's the way. There.

P: Oh it's going to be all right. That's it.

P: Wrap him in the blanket, Dad!

P: That's it. That's it.

P: It's all right, it's all right, Albert. You're going to be OK.

A: I want my Daddy.

P: We'll take you to him.

P: Easy now, easy does it. That's it.

M: Your Dad is quite a guy!

R: I know, Grandpa.

M: How is he, Phillip.

P: He's asleep, he's going to be fine.

AF: How can I thank all of you?

P: Thank my son Robbie, he pulled him out of the water.

AF: I'm very grateful Robbie!

R: Dad saved him, not me.

AF: I'm so thankful to all of you.

P: So long.

M: He's a lucky boy.

M: Well, what do you say we get back to our fishing?

P: That's a great idea!

(Bee-bee)

P: Uh-oh. It's probably the hospital.

P: I have to get a phone.

P: It probably means we can't stay.

R: That's OK.

P: One of my patients has a hight fever, and I have to go to the hospital.

P: I'm sorry, Robbie. I guess I ruined your day.

R: You didn't ruin my day, Dad.

R: I understand, I really do.

E: Why are you back so early?

M: Phillip had to go back to the hospital.

R: He had an emergency.

E: Oh, that's too bad, Robbie.

E: Did it spoil your fun?

R: No, Mom. We had a great time.

E: Well, did you do any fishing?

R: Yeah, we caught a lot of them, look!

R: They have a special on frozen fish down at the supermarket.

E: Oh, you really had a bad day.

M: We had a good day.

M: Robbie pulled a boy out of the water.

R: And Dad saved his life.

R: He's terrific doctor, Mom.

E: I know.

(Latter that night)

P: Oh, Hi, pop. Hi, son.

R: Hello Dad.

P: What a day.

M: How about a cup of coffee, son?

P: I'd love a cup of coffee.

R: How was the patient?

P: She'll be fine.

R: Was it serious?

P: No.

R: Until today, I was never really interested in medicine.

P: Well, it's hard work?

R: Now, I know.

P: I had a good time today Robbie.

R: Me, too.

P: Why don't we do it again?

R: Can we? When?

P: How about next Saturday?

R: Won't you be busy?

P: I'll changing my schedule.

P: Well, do you have a date.

R: We sure do, Dad.

R: Grandpa, can you come?

M: I have other plans Robbie, but I think you two can have a good time together without me.

P: No, Dad, and certainly not without the right magic.

M&R: Hhh.
